c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\SNCRegistration.dll.config
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\SNCRegistration.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\SNCRegistration.pdb
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\obj\Debug\SNCRegistration.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\obj\Debug\SNCRegistration.dll
c:\users\kesar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNCRegistration\SNCRegistration\obj\Debug\SNCRegistration.pdb
